Oh, what a pity you are
It was a small fish just now.
Deliberately put me in competition with 7kg
purpose
Is to get him not to compete for this real superb piece
What, keep bidding?
What are you still doing?
Li's total bid is 50 million
Is there any higher bid?
50 million a time
50 million twice
50 million three times
Congratulations on the deal, Li always got the No. 28 rough stone.
The best dragon stone species
It is a rare dragon stone species in a century
30 years ago, 200 grams discharged a sky-high price of 50 million
This piece is at least 5kg.
It's not worth tens of billions
Songyang's dragon stone species worth tens of billions
today
It seems that it is thanks to Dad Xiaoyuer and Aunt Li
Happy little fish is happy
The little fish is awesome
that
The suet fish will be given to the little fish as a gift.
grass
Thank you for riding less.